exceptionally the desert is in bloom
any young bone now are enjoying ideal
conditions
[Music]
a miraculous transformation has taken
place
[Music]
five months ago deluge is in distant
mountains unleashed torrents
for the first time in 30 years the
floods brought dried up rivers back to
life
the rivers create corridors dotted with
water holes
[Music]
while they can Rosa and broken tusk
search for food up and down the river
the adults can last four or five days
without water but the calves must drink
every day him Burt is on a steep
learning curve he hasn't yet managed to
fill his trunk he drinks with his mouth
instead four month old dusty has learned
by copying the adults he can already
fill his trunk
[Applause]
the older elephants can suck 10 to 15
liters into their trunks each time they
empty the contents straight down their
throat